who are we?
we are the official representatives of ASSOCIATION OF COMPUTER MACHINERY STUDENT CHAPTER NIT HAMIRPUR. an organisation struggling for propogation of computing knowledge.we provide a general platform to promote knowledge, awareness and skills among multiple domains.
we would be conducting a no.  of tasks, worksops, seminars, competitions under this platform.
ACM nith aims at providing solutions to the academic problems.
we also invite talented students to work with us and give ideas to make the environment better.contact us:
the leadership of acm is committed to deliver its best to work for the knowledge growth & learning of nithians as well as students drom other institutes.
aim of acm = advance computing as a  science and profession. The resources provided by acm are its premier digital library that serves its members with high profile publications and conferences.




acm.nith15@gmail.com
acm.nith
managers name = sumit
recovery email = rjtrana16@gmail.com

The Association for Computing Machinery is an international learned society for computing founded in 1947 with the main objective of advancing computing as a science and profession. The resources provided by ACM are its premier digital library that serves its members with high profile publications and conferences.
ACM NIT Hamirpur Student Chapter is a group of students consisting of a variety of people with diverse backgrounds who share common interests in computers.We, as the official representatives of ACM STUDENT CHAPTER NIT HAMIRPUR, would be aiming at propogation of computing knowledge, apart from general studies as a part of course, by providing a platform to foster knowledge, awareness and skills amongst students. We would be conducting a number of tasks, workshops, seminars, competitions under this platform. This chapter is organized and will be operated for educational and scientific purposes to promote the following:-
a. In depth knowledge and greater interest in science, designing, development, languages, management and applications of modern computing.
b. Communication between persons having interest in computing.
So, we invite talented students to work with us and give ideas to make the environment better.